The final product of the project has entered the market in the name of Hashtad (8tad), which includes two AdWords and AdSense services that have different targeting for the advertiser and a wide variety in the display of advertising. The competitive advantage of this product is the provision of a variety of advertising services such as AdWords and AdSense, and intelligence in the ad display, which makes the advertising campaign more effective and more appealing to advertisers.

In the second phase of the product development, Hashtad was integrated into the Hashtag search engine (and all its sub-systems). This integration in the AdSense section provided more than 100,000 views daily. Also in the AdWords section, this integration has provided more than 4,000 daily queries. In the course of cooperation with the products of search engine (Juyeshgar) project, collaboration with several companies like Farazin and Khabarone has been made. Farazin continues working with us as an exhibitor as well as advertiser (market development and branding) in the system.

Branding requires a lot of advertising costs to reach the appropriate market share. Large advertisers do not cooperate with small companies, so it is necessary to attract these customers gradually and with the growth of the system. In the second phase, we tried to attract small and medium-sized companies. In the third phase, the main goal was to attract the advertiser and increase the number of ads; therefore, in addition to attracting advertisers by the marketing team, we needed to look for large companies in the field of online stores, traditional advertising and group discounts, which are able to count lots of ads. These negotiations are ongoing.

At the moment, the Hashtad has a share in the advertising market by displaying more than one million ads from more than 30 different websites with appropriate Alexa rankings. Collaboration with more than 10 different companies, such as Alopeyk and 5040 with over 40 different campaigns, has provided a great credit for this system.

In this document, the Comprehensive Marketing Program of the Hashtad is presented. Also, the company's introduction, the Hashtad team, product vision, business model, market opportunities, competitive advantage, market analysis and financial analysis are carried out.
